Add documentation for new options LOCAL_IPV4/6 and BLOCK_IPV4/6 (#659)
pi-hole/docs: docs/ftldns/configfile.md

Temporary flag that may print additional information. This debug flag is meant to be used whenever needed for temporary investigations. The logged content may change without further notice at any time.

### Deprecated options

#### `REPLY_ADDR4=` (unset by default, PR [#965](https://github.com/pi-hole/FTL/pull/965)) {#reply_addr4 data-toc-label='Force A reply'}

*This option is deprecated and may be removed in future versions, please use `BLOCK_IPV4` and `LOCAL_IPV4` instead*

> If neither `BLOCK_IPV4` nor `LOCAL_IPV4` are set, this setting use used to set both of them. If any of the two is set, this setting is ignored altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If neither `BLOCK_IPV4` nor `LOCAL_IPV4` are set, this setting used to set both of them. If any of the two is set, this setting is ignored altogether.
```

Reviewer 2: I believe "...this setting _is_ used..." was intended... For the second sentence, suggest "If either are set..." or "If either of the two _are_ set..."

#### `REPLY_ADDR6=` (unset by default, PR [#965](https://github.com/pi-hole/FTL/pull/965)) {#reply_addr6 data-toc-label='Force AAAA reply'}

*This option is deprecated and may be removed in future versions, please use `BLOCK_IPV6` and `LOCAL_IPV6` instead*

> If neither `BLOCK_IPV4` nor `LOCAL_IPV4` are set, this setting use used to set both of them. If any of the two is set, this setting is ignored altogether.

Reviewer 2: For the last sentence, were the V4 variants intended, or should this be `BLOCK_IPV6` and `LOCAL_IPV6`? (And change wording to match the V4 block above)

Reviewer: Thanks for your review.

> If neither `BLOCK_IPV4` nor `LOCAL_IPV4` are set, this setting use used to set both of them. If any of the two is set, this setting is ignored altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If neither `BLOCK_IPV6` nor `LOCAL_IPV6` are set, this setting is used to set both of them. If either of the two is set, this setting is ignored altogether.
```
